if it's sounding I know you were
waiting
let me write a miracle more
florence the machine and his co the
santana studios mexico 2012 forget everything
what you have heard
Charles
i
I water the forms my firm sick
jump the rules never arm me and they
sick are simply transformed
export transform after hours of
writing are crazy we enjoy
those doses of sanity hurry to get out of
here that is shitting ostias your whore
uncultured industry party pink fury
fuchsia I will die of anguish and I will not
execution this election that does not kill but
scares life is too short and
unfair earth mother truths in state
pure they are embedded and in crystal I'm not
thinking about mexico will come up
afghanistan I do not need a double without
call me from here chandler to your head
furnished in my bonfire of san juan '
I will submit with my sayings Jesus Christ and
is so also everything I stopped to slow down and
without resources that changes the course of
speech to please the mud and
provide for it and it will be with Catalan cava
fuck him champagne and the ruffian
fatal with and its crystal trm we bring you
the big-bang they learn in fire to
work in yucatan
I wanted to stick my blogs with my
Non-stick tongue shy boy with
prudent suicidal people the fish
in the apple that has bitten the
fire snake that they know
we are burning carries went out in the game
for everyone who talks about us
for those above who send my
blows without pasta that inject and caste
I am the captain that everyone wants in
planta de bande camina merges combines
look at earth as routine discipline and
gasol in the obelisk turned ready to
split your disk into 30 parts because in
straight to the face like sea gloves
that I am a frivolous carnivore I write
what I look at and what transforms you into your pain
for you as an idol that I liked the
end in each meter and that is a turn
my verses 4x4 I kill 16 with one shot and
I found in the formula the technique
found the way to make a great 3x
because you will be better everything feels a
made truman everyone watching what I do
what I say what I live what I eat what
I 'm not a magician, but they're all
waiting for magic but I brought them blood
like the one who gets
my letters go black dye luxury
because they know that more than one is going to die
of courage when the serious ones praise this
rapper this that people are leaving
grow for real shit
the ones you used to your needs
you are on the verge of death as time
here with nothing that has committed suicide in which
write that I became aquila I am
the whip of God of childbirth in three as
a crazy piatti das you no longer dodge
attacks of steele tails today here the
watch in the movement of vipers and wait
that more than one pig hides in the
logo live with poison in mouth like a
handler with all fire in their
resolutions
we are feeling invasion that outside
for all of us who speak for
the ones above send my blows
without fault to the one who injects and sings
I'm the captain that everyone has the
bucket white walks fusion merges
watching and rap as routine discipline and
gasoline I've picked up the micro
hide those pigs I will do that
disappear until the memory and I without
know everything and you know me only if one thing
it's a bad combination a gun and
shaking hand hear me in the streets
So I am the unrecognized son of
lightning and the rising one night
anyone in any neighborhood the
public wanted fire here you have the
bonfire words that traumatize you
they explode in consciousness they write
rap listen to it but they do not understand the
science
they wanted to steal his heart buy me
the soul and do not know anyone who
write how I can live calmly is
my chrysalis phase half of my quality
its called genius leaves your rhyme
invalid thrown in there with no way out
climber winner mentality
gladiator of bounty hunter and more if
you do not know how to count study my structure and
there are 18 lines what your torture lasts in
I will be your cross You have light on this night
dark let's throw ourselves into the void and look
together of madness come with his pose and his
letter so scanty and that toy falls and
is what happens where is your train seems
that delays baby the dogs that
his master has returned home
h
will be those who play a day
it is present that you do not sit
I know I was waiting for him
d
I do not know
we seek that we write anything